This is Martha Hunt interviewing Dr. Jane Sell on
Women in Academia. Dr. Sell, how long have you been
teaching? At Texas A&M? Well, and any college.
Okay, well I taught for three years when I was a
graduate student, and we had responsibility for
two courses when you're a graduate student. You
know, you teach it on your own. It's an
individually taught course. And then here, I've
been here since 1978, so that's... Okay, and where
did you go to school for your graduate and your
undergraduate? I went to the University of
Wisconsin for my undergraduate degree, and I went
to Texas A&M for my master's,
and I went to Washington State for my Ph.D.
And what made you decide to become a professor?
Well, I wasn't sure about really what I wanted to do
at all when I first entered the master's program.
And even all through the master's program, I
wasn't sure. But near the end of the time, I got
really interested in a specific area, you know,
experimental social psychology. And then when I,
you know, I decided that's what I wanted to go into.
And then when I went into the Ph.D. program, I
developed this, what I describe as a passion for
it. And I really enjoyed teaching, and that's what
I wanted to do. I mean, I just discovered that I
wanted to do it. And, um, were you married at the
time when you were getting your PhD, or were you
married after you came in? No, I, uh, yeah, I got
married in 1980 after I'd been here for three
years. Was it hard choosing between a family and a
career, or was that choice necessary?
I don't think, a lot of people I think are faced, a
lot of women are faced with that kind of dilemma, I
think. But for me, since I had waited so long to get
married, it became more of a matter of
organization. But I think, I think in the
beginning, I think there is kind of a choice
sometimes, but I think that you can do both if you
try to assure yourself that you don't have to be a
superwoman, that you realize that you have limits
on the time that you have and you try to organize it.
I think it's very hard for people to go through
graduate school and have a family. I mean, I'm
imagining that it would be hard. I can't imagine,
you know, doing that. But I think since I was had
been in the field and had been a professional for a
while and had a little more experience, that was a
lot easier in terms of organization, but it's not
easy. No, it's not. I mean, you have to really
organize your time. And what is your definition of
a liberated woman?
It means a lot of different things to a lot of
different people. Sometimes people use it
derogatorily. When they say a woman liber,
usually if you use the word liber, that's more of a
derogatory kind of term.
And so some people think that it's a person who is
feminist in that they attack men and so forth.
Well, I don't think that that's at all what it is. A
real feminist is a person who thinks about the
issues in terms of gender roles. I mean, that's
what I would think. So it's hard to say, when people
say, are you a feminist, you never know really what
that means. So if you're talking about what I think
a feminist is, I think it's a person who is
concerned with the issues about gender roles in
our society, who thinks about them, who is
concerned for the liberation of, liberation in
the sense of freedom for both men and women in terms
of rigid sex roles. Now was your question, do I
consider myself a feminist? Well, that's the next
question. Do you feel that you are a liberated
woman? Well, like I said, the word liberated woman
can mean a lot of different things. I feel like I
believe that there should be less rigid gender
roles, something we talked about, you know, I just
mentioned. I think that society, in terms of the
economic structure particularly, doesn't allow
that to happen as much because, for example, we
don't see men having the same kind of rights with
children as women are given sometimes. And the
opposite view is women are still discriminated
against in terms of child care kinds of
facilities. So I think that society forces that
kind of rigidity in terms of gender roles. I mean,
there's something individuals can do about it,
obviously. I mean, since I'm a social
psychologist, I believe that. But I think that
we're nowhere near getting to a really flexible
society. You can see, look around and see
societies that are really more flexible than ours
in terms of the kinds of arrangements that are made
for couples to take care of their children. And I
don't think the United States has gotten to that.
And sometimes it scares me. I think we're going
backwards rather than forwards in some of those
kinds of issues. But I think academia is one place
where you really can achieve a little more freedom
in terms of those rigidity of roles because you
have a lot more freedom over your time. So that's
one thing that's really helped us. I mean, my
family, my husband, and my child and I because, for
example, today, Friday, Phillip stays home and
then I come in and then I, you know, we take turns
some days and then three days she's with a sitter.
And that kind of flexibility is wonderful because
it allows sort of everybody at least some kinds of
times away and then times there so we can sort of
have more time with her than we would if we had to put
her in, say, an institutional kind of child care
facility. But not very many people have that kind
of freedom. That's a real luxury. If you're
outside of academia, you don't have that. So we're
really lucky in that respect. And I know that most
people don't have that kind of freedom. And that's
what I think is bad in terms of family development
and freedom and feminism, all those kinds of
issues. Moving away from the family and kind of
into your work, do you feel that you had to work
harder to get where you are today than your husband
or other male colleagues because you're women?
Well, that's a hard question. Maybe in some ways,
yes, and in some ways, no. I think that there's a
basic socialization process that women
sometimes have to overcome. Not all women, of
course, but many women, because a lot of us are
socialized to think in terms of family
orientation period. And I come from a fairly
traditional kind of household. And my parents
were not all that eager to see me continue in my
education. and go so long without a family. In
fact, they sort of gave up hope about a family. So I
mean, there's that initial socialization that's
very hard to overcome and I think stays with us a
lot, a lot of women. You know, why am I doing this any
time? And sometimes when it gets tough, when the
going gets tough, you think, gosh, if I, you know,
maybe my parents were right, maybe I should just
give this all up and stay home. Or sometimes when
you feel guilty about not spending enough time at
home, you think about those kinds of things. So
there's that initial socialization. Once I,
professionally, however,
There are sometimes problems in terms of
acceptance initially, and I think that that's
tougher on women than it is on men. So when you first
meet people, for example, there is this kind of
idea that you do really have to overcome, in some
sense, being a woman to show that you're
professional. Of course, that's a horrible
thought. It doesn't happen with women, among
women, by the way, but it does sometimes when
you're with men. Now I notice that less now, and
maybe that's because I've become a little more
established in the discipline, but I noticed it a
lot initially when I was very young, where you had
to sort of overcome both the stereotype of being
young and a woman. And so that was sometimes a
problem.
Do you feel that you received less encouragement
for your achievements because you are a woman? You
were talking about your parents and things like
that and being socialized. As you were going
through school or when you first became a
professor and first started working, did you feel
that your colleagues did not encourage you or your
family did not encourage you? Well, my family. was
always emotionally encouraging, but it was sort
of not
really encouraging professionally, but always
emotionally encouraging. It just was sort of
like, well, why do you need to do that kind of
attitude? So there was that. I don't feel that
professionally, especially in this department,
I don't feel like I was discouraged at all. I didn't
feel that at all. And in graduate school, I had a
wonderful experience with a professor there who
gave me a lot of his time and was very encouraging to
me personally. Now, there are always
problems, or there are sometimes problems with
that when you become very close with a professor
and the professor is a male and you're a female.
Sometimes there are a lot of innuendos that go
along with that. But in this case, there wasn't so
much of that just because this character was so
kind of, different that no one would have thought
about that kind of relationship. Have you ever had
any other problems with sex roles or men coming on
to you or whatever because you're a woman working?
Has that been a problem? Sure, I mean, sure, you
have that kind of thing happen, but I don't know
whether that's a problem because of the status of
being in a position. I think that's a problem that
all women have to deal with. You know, it's an
irritation, and it can be sometimes very
frustrating that that happens, that people see
you that way instead of professionally when
you're expecting to be seen one way. But I think
that happens to all women regardless of position.
And that's the thing that women... have to
confront, I think. Did you ever feel that male
colleagues avoid you or feel that what you have to
say is unimportant or that what you're doing as far
as research or your teaching is just not important
because you're a woman or that you don't quite
know, you don't quite have the knowledge that they
do?
I don't really think so. I haven't felt that. And as
I mentioned before, I think sometimes initially
that happens. But my feeling here is, and of course
that may be because I wanted to feel that way, but my
feeling here is no, that that's not what has
happened. Now, I have sort of a minority view in
sociology because I'm an experimental social
psychologist and that's fairly rare. And so
sometimes I won't get kidded about that as a
minority opinion, but I don't think that has
anything to do with my gender. And I've never felt,
at least after an initial, very initial stage,
I've never felt that they've taken me less
seriously.
What have been some of the problems in your private
life due to your career or with your family? Have
you felt that there's been anything?
well first let me say I think for the most part it's
been just the opposite that because I'm so happy in
terms of what I do because it's such a joy to me that
that only is good things for my quote private life
and actually it turns out that it's almost
inseparable you don't really talk about your
professional versus your private life it seems
very much intertwined to me so that for the most
part it's only been good because I'm so happy with
what I'm doing in terms of time I mean there's
always the problem in terms of time and you have to
prioritize what you're going to do, and as I
mentioned before, I think you have to be fairly
well organized, so for example, we're lucky, I
think we're lucky in that our little girl goes to
bed at 7.30, which is early, and so that leaves time
later on to work, and so we even, you know, we switch
around times, who's going to stay home, or who goes
in, or if we spend time together, so it's led to more
planning in terms of organization, but You know,
and there's that kind of a dilemma maybe. And since
this is not just a full-time job, it's really more
than a full-time job, it's led to pressures in
terms of time. And sometimes it gets to be pretty
overwhelming. Sometimes in the middle of
cleaning the house when you should be grading
tests, or in the middle of grading tests when you
should be cleaning the house, it sometimes, you
know, gets pretty overwhelming. I think, again, I
think that's probably a real common problem, and
for the most part, it's been good that I'm so happy
professionally, that I really enjoy what I do,
because I think if I didn't, it would be tougher on
my family. I think it would carry on. Does your
husband really encourage you in your work and in
your research? I mean, does it help with him being a
professor and understanding? Yeah, I think it
definitely helps, yeah. It would be, he's very
encouraging. to me, and I'm encouraging to him.
And that's what makes, I think, a good
relationship. It would be, I can't even imagine, I
think it would be very difficult, if not
impossible, if you had someone who was not at all
encouraging about what you wanted to do. But
again, I think that's because both of us realize
that that part of our lives is so important, and
we're so happy with the kinds of things that we do.
Do you feel that you've ever had a problem getting
things published because you're a woman?
Well, I think I've had problems getting things
published, but I don't think it's because I'm a
woman, no. In fact, I don't think that...
I can honestly say I don't think that's ever made a
difference. Okay, good. What times in your life
have you felt discrimination? Have there been
times when you felt you've been discriminated
against?
Well, as I mentioned earlier, I think still,
initially, there are problems in terms of when you
first meet people, sometimes professionally, in
terms of them taking you, quote, seriously, if
you're a woman. Although in our discipline,
that's less. And in our department, by the way,
because we have so many women, I think that that's
become much less of a factor. In the University of
Hull, of course, there are a lot less women
overall. And so I imagine the less women they are,
the more different they are and therefore the more
the heavier the stereotypes probably are. So I'm
sure it's a problem elsewhere.
And the things that all women encounter, I think,
in terms of discrimination. When you go to a store,
for example, and people ask you for your husband's
name versus your name. Those kinds of issues, I
think, that all women have. Other than that, as far
as special, kinds of issues that I would face that
maybe other people in different positions
wouldn't. I don't really think so, except, as I
mentioned, that initial kind of you know, meeting
with someone or initial interactions. Do you feel
that this people's response to you initially when
they first meet you, before they get to know you, do
you think it's because it's initially or because
you're a woman? Like, do you feel like men have the
same problem that when they first enter a new, you
know, workforce, whatever, they have to overcome
this? No, of course, both of those factors are
important. Just being new, for example. But I'm
talking about something a little more insidious,
more... social-psychological. We know that when
you first meet someone, you don't have any
information about them. And so what happens is
that what we call diffuse status characteristics
are the first things you notice. Like, of course we
first notice whether they're male or female. And
the question is, how much does that organize the
interaction? And I think that in our society
still, that organizes the interaction to a great
deal. And not all of that, of course, is something
we want to get rid of, but some of it is, I think. And
what I'm saying is that when you meet somebody
first, and I'm not just talking about first
interactions, I'm even saying over a period of a
couple weeks or so, that that seems to have an
overwhelming effect, so that what you get sort of,
you know that this is happening, and so you have
sort of the idea, yes, I have to be especially good
at this, or especially eloquent, or especially
something to overcome that initial stereotype
that, oh, well, she's, quote, just a woman. Okay.
In the 50s, women were viewed as stereotyped as
being intuitive, emotional, independent, while
men were viewed as intelligent and independent
and rational. How do you feel about this? Has this
changed over the past few years? Do you feel women
are still viewed as emotional? That's almost an
empirical question, and there have been studies
on that which demonstrate that, in fact, yeah,
those stereotypes still do exist. In some areas
they've weakened, but in some areas they haven't
weakened at all. I mean, in some of those
stereotypes. So, yeah, the recent studies all
indicate that as far as power, influence, and all
of those variables that we've talked about in
terms of social psychology, that, yeah, gender is
still a very important characteristic and still
organizes interaction. Have your achievements
made you feel less feminine or less desirable as a
woman? Do you feel that because you're a professor
in this high status role or whatever, that that's
made you less of a woman? Not at all.
Women tend to hold lower expectations of what they
can do and accomplish. Why do you feel this occurs?
Did you ever have feelings that because you're a
woman you had to work harder and you might not be
able to accomplish what is set for you? Well, this
gets to some of the social psychology literature
on the subject about expectations and
self-expectations versus other expectations.
And we know that through interaction that you can
develop, of course, expectations for yourself.
That's the old self-fulfilling prophecy and
labeling and all that kind of stuff. and that
suggests that very early socialization is
especially important so your parents if your
parents hold very traditional views or that women
can't do this or should do this or whatever then
you're more likely to respond to those kinds of
labels and if teachers and peers and so forth have
that same kind of labeling process you're likely
to respond to it so i think Yeah, I think a lot of
women are subject to that. Still, as much as we say,
well, things are changing, they may be changing,
but I don't think they're changing all that
rapidly in terms of the kind of curriculum and
stuff that are offered in schools. And a lot of it
depends on individual teachers, of course. So
that early socialization is very important in
terms of shaping what you expect that you can do and
what you can do. So we have, again, lots of studies
that seem to indicate, yes, women or men, or in
terms of race and ethnicity and so forth, that a lot
of things are shaped very early on, and sometimes
those are hard to change. Now, what was the second
part of the question? Did you ever feel these
feelings, or have you ever felt that you couldn't
accomplish certain things, that you had to work
harder to accomplish these things because you
were a woman?
I think the insidious part of labeling is that you
don't think it's because you're a woman
necessarily. Well, you might do that, but you may
think it's because it's you, whatever you, you
know, is. So I think a lot of women have the idea,
well, I can't do this as well as other people, and
the other people may be mainly men in that case. So,
yeah, I can, I mean, I remember feeling that, in
elementary school, in junior high, high school,
all of that, really through college. When I was an
undergraduate, I initially chose a very
traditional kind of career. I was in secondary
education. And I felt a lot of that. I mean, I
remember thinking, well, what's a good career for
a woman? I remember going through a lot of that. And
I was backed up by my family. And I can't really
pinpoint what exactly changed that. except that,
you know, achieving some sort of success in other
kinds of areas, you know, in college. College was
an exciting experience for me because, you know, I
just learned so many really different things that
I hadn't learned before. So I think, yeah, the
process itself is hard to pinpoint because it's so
diffuse, but I think a lot of people experienced
it, especially women, but not just women. I think
in terms of ethnicity and race, you'll find those
kinds of things happen too, and individuals too in
terms of personality. Have you ever felt isolated
because you were a woman?
I think sometimes when there are not other women
around and you'd really like to talk to another
woman just because you'd like to, because you feel
like you want to talk to someone like that, yeah,
you can feel very isolated. And that's why I think
we're lucky in this department that we have women
that we can talk to about this. Or sometimes, of
course, if you have just good friends, even if
they're male, even you can do that. But I remember,
especially when I first came here, feeling very
isolated in terms of just wanting to talk to
somebody. So I think having other women around,
not in maybe any organized fashion, but someone to
talk to and bounce ideas off of is very important.
How
have you found that men and women are evaluated? Do
you feel that, say in this department, men and
women are evaluated equally?
I think that in terms of performance and so forth, I
think that they are. may sound sort of
Pollyannaish, but I think that they really are.
Now there are some, there is sexism here because I
think we have people who went through the same
socialization system that a lot of us did, so that
there are, of course, you know, some ideas about,
well, the little lady, you know, that kind of
stuff. But I think when it comes down to it, when it
comes down to evaluating performance, I think
that it really is done fairly, fairly, fairly
fairly.
Women seem to be more competitive with each other
than with men. Do you... Do you feel this, that
you're more competitive with the women in this
department than with the men? No, I think that's a
myth. You think it's a myth? I mean, there have been
some ideas about that. There's an old concept
called the Queen Bee Syndrome, and the Queen Bee
Syndrome was the idea that once a woman made it,
that she sort of looked down on other women, sort of
the idea that, well, I made it, and I worked really
hard, and you guys are just, you know, you do it on
your own if you want to. I'm sure not going to help
you. And for a while, that was sort of popularized,
I think, in the literature. But they haven't been
able really to find much evidence of that since
then. At least that's my understanding. You could
check with Liz. She might know something about
that. But I don't feel that at all. I've never felt
that, I don't think. When you arrived at A&M, when
you first started working here, not as a graduate
student, what women's organizations were on
campus? Do you remember?
On campus, there was the University Women's
Organizational Group. I'm not sure of the full
title. And I attended a meeting of theirs a long
time ago. and just was not really interested too
much. I mean, it wasn't that I didn't find what they
were doing so interesting, but quite frankly, I
was so busy then. I mean, literally all my time was
spent just working and teaching and doing all that
kind of stuff, so I didn't get involved as much. I
think now there are more groups and more support
groups, and I think that's really good. Are you a
member of any women's organizations?
None that are solely for women, no. Okay, because,
like, have you ever been a member of NOW? Yes. But
that's not solely for women. But it's a women
organization. Right, I mean, but I thought you
meant like a support group for women. No, I was a
member of NOW. I'm a member of NARAL, which is
the... I won't be able to remember, but it's for
pro-choice kinds of issues, which is not, again,
not just a women's group. I'm also a member of ACLU,
which is both, and a member of
Amnesty International and a couple other groups
of similar kind of nature, but they're, yeah.
Okay. What types of changes do you feel that have
occurred in favor of women at A&M since you've been
here? Or what changes that haven't occurred would
you like to see occur? I think the most important
thing is that more women be hired. And that's been a
change in this department. When I came here, there
were three of us i think and now we have seven women
on the faculty so that's been a big change and since
i was involved in the recruiting i know it didn't
have anything to do with trying to recruit women it
was just of course who the best candidates were and
i think that's what will happen i mean i think more
and more women will come here but um i think a m still
has a very conservative image And when talking
about encouraging women to come here, sometimes
you have to think about what kind of support
they're going to get when they do come here. For
example, there are only nine female full
professors at this whole university, and our
department has two of them. So when you think about
going over, let's say, to the Ag school, where
there probably are none, I'm not for sure, but
there are very few women I think there are a couple
women, but I don't think there are any focal
places, then you have to consider what kind of
atmosphere they're going to be faced with. And I
think generally that's an important issue,
because I think some areas are more subject to the
kinds of stereotypes we talked about and the kind
of discrimination than are other areas. So that's
the most important thing, I think, to get more
women here. And I've seen that's been one change in
this department anyway. I'm not so sure about
overall, although other departments in liberal
arts, I think there are more women. More women are
getting into the administration. I'm saying
that's an important issue, I think. So, for
example, one of the associate deans in liberal
arts is a woman, and Grace Chisholm in the
president's office is a woman. And so that's been
important, and that I see more in a growing
awareness of the issue. I think that A&M, quite
frankly, is way behind the times if we just look at
the issues about the recognition of gay rights and
the women in the band and issues like that, which
seem almost Neanderthal when you look at it. I
don't think, however, those issues are
necessarily reflective of the students'
attitudes. What I seem to pick up on growing
acceptance, or maybe I just wish to pick it up, but I
think a growing acceptance of women in terms of...
integration into society in general. And I think a
lot of that is because we have a lot more women and
the women themselves are important in that
respect. Earlier you talked about our being
socialized as a woman and our parents having the
traditional roles. Do you feel that there's any
way that this can change or is changing or families
today, parents, they're still socializing their
children with those roles of being male, being
female. I think it is changing. I think that you can
see evidence of that, for example, in mass media.
Shows like Sesame Street, for example, I think are
a good illustration of that. Although you see some
vestiges, of course, of that. So in Sesame Street,
which I think is a fairly good illustration
because so many kids watch it, you have in there
female characters who are mechanics or fix-it
shops and things like that, so that you do see some
movement away from the traditional
stereotyping. Although you can still notice,
even in Sesame Street, which is supposed to be sort
of a bastion of liberality for children, that, for
example, the puppets, the characters, are almost
entirely male. So, I mean, I think things are
changing. I'm just not sure how fast they're
changing. And you see differences in... in
curriculum attention paid to those kinds of
issues and so forth. Now, I'm talking about mostly
public kinds of education. Of course, there are
growing interest in religious kinds of
education, some of which may stress sexual
equality and some of which do not at all and
emphasize traditional. So I don't know. I think
overall, there's a growing awareness of those
kinds of issues. in terms of socialization. So I
think it is changing, maybe in general, although
there are these pockets. And as I said, I mean, I
suppose we could do some studies on that. Maybe
it's just because I wish that that's what was
happening. Do you think it'll help with more women
getting into the workforce and their children
seeing their mother and their father working and
that they will be more socialized to equality?
They both can work. Mom's not staying at home.
Sure, although if you look at the studies, and Liz
will talk about this, and sure, if you look at the
studies, it is still the case that the people who do
the cleaning at the house and do those other things
are the women, regardless of whether they work or
not. So we still have some of the, sort of like the
worst of both worlds. You go and you work, and then
you come home and you're expected by whoever to
cook and clean and take care of the kids. Women
still spend most time with the children probably,
most time cleaning the house, most time cooking,
and most time doing the shopping. So yeah, I think
that may change, maybe, the stereotypes. But we
might see them replaced by a whole new series of
stereotypes that were maybe just as detrimental
in some ways. Do you feel it is more stressful on
women to have a job and a family?
I think it's stressful in one way, in terms of time.
But I think in another way, It helps deal with
stress. I mean, I think that if you, you know, I was
talking about that before, if you're not forced
into the job market, that's a different issue than
being forced in where you, let's say you're the
sole provider and there are lots of families like
that, and so you have to make money and you have to
take care of everything else. That's a very
stressful situation. And now, if you're not
forced into that situation where you are working,
let's say, to supplement the income, and you have
the family, then I think that the stress will sort
of relieve itself in some ways, although time is
always very stressful. But for a lot of women, the
choice is not there. They have to work. They have to
maintain the family. Okay. Well, I have no further
questions. Is there anything that you would like
to add or something that you would like to say that I
have not?
I don't think so. Well, thank you for your time.
Okay.
One other question. Why did you marry? Because
some people think that marriage is a form of
servitude.
Well, I don't consider my marriage a form of
servitude, although a lot of, and some
feminists... literature marriage is considered
at least traditional marriage is considered to be
a form of servitude because originally of course
if you look at it historically women were
considered erotic property and so that was the
whole the whole phenomenon of marriage was sort of
built up around that idea of property women as
property and so I think it used to be yes a form of
servitude and many times now I think it's a form of
servitude but I don't think personally my own
marriage is a form of servitude I think it's you
know frankly I think living together and getting
married, there's not much difference between
that. It's just that we enjoy each other and we want
to build our futures together. And of course,
since we have a child, that was important. But I
think the child was more of a commitment than a
piece of paper that says that you're married. So in
other words, I don't think being married really
has anything to do with it. I think it's just the
state of living together with someone and
committing yourself to someone. OK. Did you
accept your husband's name, or what name do you go
by? I go by what's known as my maiden name. It's kind
of a strange name. And I did that for a number of
reasons. One is I was fairly old when I got married,
and I'd had that name an awful long time, so I
couldn't see changing it. I'd published under my
name. before, and that's sometimes a problem for
professional women if you change your name after
you've published under one name. And it just
didn't make sense to me to take my husband's name. I
don't, you know, some people are very
staunch about not taking someone's name or taking
it. To me, I really don't see that it's all that
important, quite frankly. The name that I have now
is my father's name, and some people say, well,
see, it's because of the way names are passed down,
that that's wrong, too. And so some women have gone
back and done other kinds of things, but the
problem, of course, is going back to what name
would be considered female type of name because if
you say well take my grandmother's name of course
that was your grandmother's father's name and all
those kinds of issues so you know as far as
tradition that's just the way the tradition has
passed in our society I I think it becomes
problematic when you have children and then you
decide what you're going to name them and the
tradition is still to name them after the husband
usually or the father In our case, by the way, we
couldn't decide what to do, and our little girl has
my name. That was just sort of a choice that we
decided at the last moment. But, I mean, that
becomes a dilemma. Some people have chosen
hyphenated names, which is a nice kind of solution
to that. But I think that becomes a practical
problem because then when your child grows up and
then marries, you have to decide which names
you're going to drop and so forth. So, I mean, it's a
big sort of an issue. I think practically it's sort
of a problem I think in terms of how you think about
it, I think you should do what you find most
comfortable, and that's what I found most
comfortable, because my identity was as Jane
Saul. Does your husband support you on these
feelings, or was he really wanting you to take his
name, or did he understand about your publishing
and your... Well, I felt pretty strong about it. I
don't think he felt very strongly about it one way
or the other. Well, thank you.